[EDU-5383] refactor: update existing docs to add information related to Bot dataset and graphs (#1282)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/api-graphql/features/metrics-fields.mdx

---

## botManagerMetrics

:::note

> To retrieve this data, you must be subscribed to Azion Bot Managar Advanced. Contact the [Sales team](https://www.azion.com/en/contact-sales/) for more details on the subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve this data, you must be subscribed to Azion Bot Manager Advanced. Contact the [Sales team](https://www.azion.com/en/contact-sales/) for more details on the subscription.
```

:::

| Field | Description |
|----------|----------|

> | `action` | Action performed by Azion Bot Manager Advanced for accesses identified as Bots. Example: `deny`  |

Author: ```suggestion
| `action` | Action performed by Azion Bot Manager for accesses identified as Bots. Example: `deny`  |
```

| `botCategory` | Bot category identified in the request. Example: `scraping`, `crawling`, `brute-force` |
| `botMode` | Bot protection mode used in the request. Example: `Web` |

> | `challengeSolved ` | Total number of bots that either passed or failed the CAPTCHA challenge. This is a boolean, where `true` indicates **Solved** and `false` indicates **Not Solved**. |

Reviewer 2: Na verdade não é exatamente "total number", talvez algo como: 
```suggestion
| `challengeSolved ` | Flag that indicates if the bot either passed or failed the CAPTCHA challenge. This is a boolean, where `true` indicates **Solved** and `false` indicates **Not Solved**. |
```
E o valor em sí é 0 e 1 (0 = not solved e 1 = solved)

> | `challengeSolved ` | Total number of bots that either passed or failed the CAPTCHA challenge. This is a boolean, where `true` indicates **Solved** and `false` indicates **Not Solved**. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `challengeSolved ` | Flag that indicates if the bot either passed or failed the CAPTCHA challenge. This is a boolean, where `1` indicates **Solved** and `0` indicates **Not Solved**. |
```

| `classified` | Traffic identification, being `bad bot`, `good bot`, `legitimate`, or `under evaluation` the possible values.|
| `geolocCountryName` | Geographic origin of bot attacks by country. Example: `Brazil`  |

> | `geolocRegionName` | Geographic origin of bot attacks by state or region. Example: `Pernambunco` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `geolocRegionName` | Geographic origin of bot attacks by state or region. Example: `Pernambuco` |
```
